# Alezaire's Story

## CHAPTER ONE

I am wandering through a dark and dense forest, on my way to Nightstone to meet my Dragonborn kin: Dragneil.

Suddenly, I hear a loud noise and I turn around just in time to be struck by an ugly and jagged arrow. Two orcs dressed
in shabby leather armour stare at me, one is brandishing a large brutish axe while the other is re-nocking another
arrow to his heavy, gnarled longbow. The one with the axe is wearing a grotesque necklace made from a string of elven
ears.

I look down at my wounded arm aghast! As I pull the filthy arrow from my shoulder, a small jet of silver blood squirts
from the wound afflicting the ground beneath me with a tiny starburst of frost: blades of grass turn to tiny, pale
green icicles and the earth hardens and crackles beneath me. I quickly wrap a bandage to stop the bleeding and look up
at my attacker with disbelief and fury.

Without thinking, I charge at the orc who shot me, hacking at him with my longsword. The blade strikes true and I take
great satisfaction in watching the foolish brute's flesh torn from his bones. He is heavily wounded, I let out an
immense roar of triumph and my cold breath chills the air around us. 

The two orcs retreat in to the forest, terrified. I am content to let them live, knowing that neither they, nor any
they tell of this encounter, shall be so presumptuous as to attack a great Dragonborn of Silver ever again. 

But before I know what is happening; a strange female human in flamboyant sailor's attire, a mysterious looking
teifling and a large wolf all together are in hot pursuit of my assailants. I'm not sure what is happening but I
quickly decide that I'd better follow them if I want to find out.

Through the trees I hear the snap of feral jaws and the crash of steel on studded leather. As I emerge in to a nearby
clearing I find the pirate wench standing over the body of the orcish archer, while the teifling has the other orc
pinned against a tree and is preparing to finish him off. The wolf is barking loudly and there is something very
strange about the way it moves, not entirely unnatural, but not normal at all.

Almost as if the wolf has read my mind, my suspicions are immediately confirmed. The wolf stands on its hind legs while
morphing from wolf to the shape of a female dwarf right before my eyes. As this transformation takes place I hear the
barking of the wolf also change to the husky but feminine and unmistakably dwarven accent of a single Common word,
"Stop! Stop!"

The pirate and teifling are just as surprised as I and all three of us freeze as the dwarf, moving closer to stand
between the dying orc and his would-be executioner, continues, "Are you all mad!? Look at their armour!" She gestures
to the orcs, "Look at their weapons! and look too at their number." She holds up two stubby fingers. "These are clearly
scouts. Scouts!" She pauses to let her point hang in the air between us, "and if they are only scouts then wouldn't it
make sense to find out what they are doing here and how many others there are BEFORE you go hacking them to pieces!?"

The teifling looks sheepishly away from the dwarf's accusing and disappointed gaze to face the pirate. She seems much
more interested in looting the body of the fallen archer than anything else that is happening, and surreptitiously
lowers herself back down to crouch and ransack the corpse.

"She is right" I say coldly. "If there are more of these - " I pause to gesture dismissively to the dead archer, then
continue "these 'things' around here it would be best if we knew about them before they find out about us first." I
march over to the dying orc at the teifling's feet, he is severely wounded, clearly frightened but barely even
conscious. I grab him by the shoulder and shake him, "Where are your people?" I demand, "and what are you doing here
in this place?" The orc tries to open his eyes to stare at me defiantly but he can hardly even raise his head. 

I drop him in frustration and stand aside as the pirate, who is suddenly much closer to us than I had realised, pulls
out her rapier a walks towards the orc, stopping with the point of her blade mere inches from his exposed throat. She
lifts her sword slowly, forcing his chin to rise and his eyes to meet her gaze. "Tell me orc, is there any reason I
should let you live, even a moment longer?" She smiles a wicked, gleeful grin which sends shivers running down my
spine! 

The effect on the orc is miraculous, all of a sudden he is quite lucid and clearly enthralled, staring obediently at
his new master.

"What are you doing here?" She asks slowly, in barely more than whisper, but as clear and frightening as my most
vicious growl.

"Sc-sc-scout" the orc stammers pathetically, "w-we sc-scout forest."

"And how many are there in your party?" She continues in her deadly but seductive voice.

He seems quite confused, even for an orc. "P-p-party?" He is very scared to anger her, but clearly doesn't quite
understand the question. Blood trickles down his face, drips off his chin and a tiny, feeble droplet lands on the
razor-sharp edge of the blade. The pirate edges closer, just enough that the point of her rapier gently presses
against his neck.

She sighs in frustration, "How. Many. Orcs. In. Your. Group?" She staggers each word of the question, enunciating
slowly and miming the meaning of each word with her free hand, as if speaking to a five year old human child. 

As the orc slowly comprehends what the pirate is asking him a big grin spreads across his broken face. "Many orc,
big army, you die, you all die and elf village burn to ground" his gaze drifts to some place off in the distance as he
pictures this 'happy' scene, "many ears for orc stash, many elf die. All die! Orcs strong, orcs many! All die!
Hahahaha!" The orc is suddenly very pleased with himself. He seems to have forgotten all about the sword at his throat
or his own entrails spilling out on to the ground as he laughs maniacally, shouting insults at us. The teifling lunges
at him and, in a flurry of claws, wings and a flickering tail, the laughter stops.

The dwarf grabs the teifling by his shoulders, dragging him away and they tussle. I notice the teifling has taken the
necklace of elf ears from the orc, presumably as some kind of vile trophy.

The pirate leans in close and whispers something in what remains of the orc's left ear. With his last strength the orc
replies to the pirate's question but all I hear is a name: Gurash, and then the orc is gone. 

The pirate stands, wiping the orc blood from the tip of her rapier. The dwarf and the teifling are now standing apart,
studying one another suspiciously. The pirate looks at me, then back to the others. The mood is tense. All four of us
are poised ready to fight, if it comes to that but I have no interest in any of this, I just want to continue my
journey to Nightstone and reunite with my kin.

The teifling is first to speak, "I say we hunt these orcs down and show them who they are messing with!" The dwarf
looks to me and rolls her eyes. I look to the pirate, she has still not said a word, but her eyes keep flicking between
the three of us suspiciously. 

I look back at the dwarf, she meets my gaze and something in her eyes seems to plead with me, "We have to warn the
elves." She is speaking to us all but still she has not taken her eyes off mine.

Feeling uncomfortable I look to the teifling, he seems angry. "What business is it of ours if one little elven village
is raided by some band of savages." he proclaims. "No, we hunt down the rest of the scouting party to make sure we are
not in any immediate danger and then we leave this place at once. I'll wager these orcs are nothing more than a small
raiding party anyway and if not, well all the more reason for us kill who we can and then be done with it, escape while
we still have the chance!" He looks to the pirate, who nods in approval then both look to me. I look back at the dwarf,
she still stares at me, as if she knew all along that it would fall to me to argue her case. As I think it all over, a
thought occurs to me.

"What are your names?" I ask, to no one in particular.

"I am Audhild" the dwarf introduces herself and we shake hands. She seems surprisingly strong for her size and build,
then I remember that only minutes ago she was twice her current size: a lithe bundle of knotted muscle and bristling
fur with gleaming teeth and claws. "I am headed to the town of Nightstone. I - " she pauses, hesitantly looking at the
others before continuing "have business there..." 

The pirate goes next, "I am Pirate." 

*(note: I don't actually have these names written in my notes, both her and the teifling are just 'Pirate' and
'Teifling')* 

She doesn't move to shake my hand or do any sort of formal greeting beyond a small nod, the feather of her tricorn hat
waving in the breeze. Her gaze drifts to my wounded shoulder, gleaming silver blood still shimmers there. Her eyes
widen! "Can I have some your blood?" she pleads eagerly as she steps towards me.

"What!?" is she serious? "are you crazy?!" She seems to consider this for a moment, then steps back. I bare my teeth at
her and let out a low growl, her hand moves for her sword but before any of this goes any further the Teifling speaks.

"And I am Teifling," the teifling sneers at me and eyes me suspiciously, "but who, pray tell, are you?"

I ignore the pirate for now, and instead answer Teifling's question.
"I, am Alezaire!" I say with a flourish, my silver scales glistening majestically as I strike a dynamic and magnanimous
pose. Then, once I have given them all a chance to fully appreciate my glorious shininess, I continue, "I am also
heading to Nightstone to meet my cousin. So then, now that we are all acquainted I feel I must say that I agree with
Audhild." Teifling looks shocked, Pirate continues to look at each of us in turn with shifty eyes, not showing any
signs of changing her mind. I suspect she wants nothing else than more easy opportunities to gather loot. Audhild
smiles at me, pleased that to her mind, I have made the 'right choice'. 

I start to explain, "Whilst I appreciate that orcs are often brash and quick to exaggerate, I have noticed many orc
tracks in these parts and it would not surprise me at all if the force on the march to this Elf village is a sizeable
one, such is their way. Orcs do not like to be outnumbered, in my experience they generally travel and attack in
significantly large groups. We would be wise to not seek them out alone but instead to find this Elf village and warn
them of the danger they face. It is the clever thing to do, it is the prudent thing to do and above all else, it is
right thing to do."

Now it is Pirate's turn to roll her eyes, and she is not the least bit subtle about it. She turns to Teifling, he
shrugs and then looks at Audhild, "Very well," he sighs, "to the village it is."

As we turn to leave the clearing, Audhild stops me and touches my arm. Her palm glows and I feel a strange surge of
energy. My wound is healed, I thank her and we start to move. 

"We will most likely find the Elf village this way," Pirate proclaims, "this is the direction the orc was looking when
he described their attack plans." 

"But he was delirious!" Audhild protests, "how can we trust the ravings of a dying, orc with a blood thirsty ear
fetish!" Teifling and I exchange a look, I'm not sure if anyone else actually saw him take the necklace and I think
he would rather I didn't know about it either.

"Do you have a better idea?" asks Pirate. Audhild says nothing, she has no better idea.

After walking for about an hour I am also starting to doubt whether following the directions of an insane orc was the
wisest choice but then I look up to find that elves have appeared from nowhere and we are surrounded!

At first I couldn't make it out but, now that my sense of our surroundings has been, both figuratively and literally,
sharpened by at least twenty elvish arrow-points aimed at my head, I see an ornate and quite beautiful village hidden
amongst the groves. There are great settlements built in to the treetops, small huts cut deep in to the recesses of
huge trees, tented shelters camouflaged in the foliage and it is all connected by an elaborate maze of gangways,
ladders and rope-swings made out of vines. Directly before us stands some kind of guard contingent. Aside from the
archers there are small groups of sword and spearmen, also aiming their respective pointy things at our faces and, at
their centre and tall elf carrying a grand and exquisitely decorated halberd of some kind. He does not look
particularly friendly.

Before anyone else can speak, Audhild addresses him directly in an Elvish tongue of which I am entirely unfamiliar.
The two of them speak back and forth for several minutes, and after this is over he still does not look particularly
friendly. 

I start to get impatient, I don't understand what is being said at all and no one seems even the least bit impressed by
my shiny scales! "We only came here to warn you!" I declare in common. I wait patiently for a reply, some sort of
acknowledgment of my presence.

With shock and fury I realise that they are all still ignoring me! I look around at the others, completely incredulous. 

Audhild has her eyes locked on the tall elf who says something in Elvish, Audhild then finally speaks in common,
"Perhaps we should continue this way? So that everyone is understood" She speaks humbly and gestures to us tentatively.
I am livid, I feel as though I have never been so insulted. How dare these people fail to acknowledge my presence. I am
a Dragonborn of Silver and you will find none with scales this shiny! I look around to check that I am standing in
appropriately bright sunlight. Damn these wretched, shady trees! 

Suddenly, I realise that they have talking in common for some time without my paying attention. 

"- come then, and tell us of these 'dangerous Orcs' " this is the tall elf, the way he says 'Orcs' makes it clear he
does not quite believe our story but nevertheless, we are invited in to the village, still at spearpoint.

We are escorted to a small hut, it smells of mulch and sweet sap. The floor is covered with thick soft leaves. A pair
of pointy shadows cast from just outside the hut make it clear that we are under guard. Since there is nothing better
to do for now, we decide to rest. 


> *(Dream Sequence)*

> I am standing in the kitchens of the Yakvolk citadel, the other slaves and I are cleaning massive, clay pots with
> crude and virtually ineffectual brushes. Halni Meliamne, a Moon-Elf, is scrubbing vigorously. She turns to place her
> freshly cleaned pot down on the table but she fumbles and it crashes to the stone floor, the noise is deafening. The
> others look up with panic and quickly exit the room. Halni looks at me, she is terrified. 
> 
> A sound like thunder echoes through the room, but it isn't thunder. There is a steady rhythm to it: BOOM-THUD.
> BOOM-THUD. BOOM-THUD. I can't be sure if the sound is coming from the corridor outside or within my own chest! 
> Whatever it is, it's getting closer. The terrible, thunderous drums are beating louder!
>
> Halni's gaze is locked on mine, her eyes widen with intense fear. The huge doors to the kitchen creak loudly as they
> slowly swing open. A humungous, ominous shadow looms over us. Dark, malicious eyes the size of my hands glare with
> anger.  Nahala's fury is unparalleled, the punishment for this will be brutal beyond belief! 
>
> I step forward. Halni will come to no harm this day. I feel her gratitude and hope it will comfort me as I am dragged 
> in to darkness...


I wake to find the others are still asleep, the darkness of night is still upon us. I ponder the dream I have just had.
Did it really happen? Was this a memory or a vision? A broken clay pot? A moon-elf: Hailey? No, that's not right.
Something else: darkness, foul breath, malignant laughter echoing through mighty stone walls. And then it is all gone.
I drift back to sleep and when I wake, the dawn has broken. The visions of that place have faded away, shadows
vanquished by the light of day.

Three elves enter our hut, they still carry weapons about their waist but they are not drawn. One of them looks older,
older than any elf I have ever seen at any rate, but still an elf. He also is noticeably more battle-hardened and is
missing an ear. He gestures for the entrance to the hut and we all step outside. He turns to face us.

"They tell me you have some information that may be of use to me." he speaks common, in a low and authoritative voice.
No one else speaks up so I proceed to tell him our story. I tell how me all met, the orcs scouts in the forest and how
we all decided it would be best to warn him and his people of the threat. I decide it best to leave out the fact that
the teifling has a necklace of elf ears (possibly his own!) tucked in his travel bags. 

"A handful of savage, undisciplined orcs pose no threat to us." He declares dismissively. 

Exacerbated, myself and the others try to explain that it is not just a 'handful' at all. That from what the scout said
it seems likely that a large army is headed here, they should prepare themselves and send for reinforcements at once!
He will not listen, his arrogance is astounding, he isn't even impressed when I step in to the light to show him how
shiny my scales are in the morning sun. Eventually, Audhild convinces us to leave, "Look! We've told them what we came
to say. They're not interested. I say we get out of here while we still can!" Pirate is already packing up her things.
Teifling looks as though he wants to protest but he shrugs his shoulders and begins his own travel preparations. Soon
we are back on our way to Nightstone.

Once we have been walking for about five hours we decide to set up camp, we have put good distance between us and the
village and all of us are weary, we could definitely use some more rest before making the final journey to Nightstone.
Audhild brews up some mushroom tea while Teifling and I hunt rabbits. 

After our meal, I settle down on rock in the sun to clean my claws and polish my scales. My skin is looking
exceptionally shiny today, it is quite brilliant! Audhild and Pirate are talking amongst themselves while Teifling
appears to be speaking with a tree, a strange race the teiflings. Surprisingly, no one is paying any attention to how
glorious my scales look in this light. I have managed to buff them up to a mirror sheen, bright enough that I can see
myself in them. I study my strong sharp teeth and keen, blue eyes. I am truly magnificent, even for a Dragonborn of
Silver.

I suddenly become aware that we are not alone. While I was preoccupied, three elf scouts have arrived at our camp and
are talking with Audhild in elvish. Teifling, Pirate and I approach the group together.

"What is happening?" Pirate demands.

Audhild turns to us, "They wanted to let us know that things have changed. They have sent scouts out to assess the
situation and realised the truth of what we have told them. The orc army is only two days away at best, the elves have
reinforcements arriving this evening." She looks to each of us in turn. "They want to know if we wish to join the
fight?"

Teifling is first to speak, "Lead the way." He says and begins gathering up his equipment immediately.

"What do you think?" Audhild asks me.

I consider it all carefully. The orcs did shoot me in my arm, and they are ugly, intolerable brutes. On the other hand,
those arrogant and fool hardy elves wouldn't even listen to us in the first place. They were rude to me and didn't even
acknowledge my shininess, hardly at all! I look to Pirate, she smiles wryly. I can tell she simply relishes a good
fight, another chance for more bloodshed and gold. I look back to Audhild, the elves are waiting impatiently. I pretend
to ponder it all a moment longer, carefully positioning myself under a break in the canopy so that the light shines on
me just right before I offer up my opinion. The frowns on the elves' faces furrow deeper, unable to hide their
irritation. I am delighted. "I suppose," I sigh casually, "it is a worthy cause." I smile sarcastically at the scouts.
Audhild rolls her eyes at me, "Come on then, let us depart!" she exclaims, and we all head back to the village to join
the fight.

It is an epic battle: The orcs bring along twisted and brutal war machines which tear through the forest ripping trees
from their roots. Warbands riding worgs charge through the village cutting down elf soldiers left, right and centre.
For their part, the elves put up quite the fight as well. Archers rain down an endless barrage or twisted, thorned
arrows upon their attackers. Great stags, giant hawks and all manor of beasts of the wilds join the fight to defend
their home and the clash of orcish, black iron and elvish mithril rings throughout the entire forest!

Pirate, Audhild, Teifling and myself see to it that the elves do not fight alone and once the battle is won the brutes
retreat like the foolish children they really are. The elf lord thanks us for our part in the fight and sends us on our
way. However, upon learning that we are headed for Nightstone, he informs us that the town has been recently attacked!
Sky-Giants have launched an assault on the stronghold. But strangely, no sooner had their floating citadel drifted by,
a devastating barrage of lightning bolts and colossal boulders in its wake, it was gone.

Clearly, there is much mystery awaiting us at Nightstone, as well as my Dragonborn kin.
We leave the elf village once more, and this time I do not think we shall return so soon.


## CHAPTER TWO

Audhild and I are making the final journey to Nightstone. Pirate and Teifling have left us, following the trail of some
 treasure map they claimed from the battle in the elf village. 

"The forest is telling me that the orcs are on the move again," Audhild is explaining, "they have regrouped and seeking
a safe place to tend to their wounded. To this end, they also make their way to Nightstone." A bird flies over head,
she watches it go. Staring intently as the trees creak and rustle in the wind, she jerks her head suddenly to the West,
and then continues, "We are about a day ahead of them. We must press on."

I nod in agreement and start to follow her lead, but apparently not quite fast enough for her liking. "We really must
move more quickly, I need to get to Nightstone urgently!"

"I have business there as well but," I pause to make my point clear,  "I do not hurry." 

She looks at me, incredulous and frustrated. "I really must insist that we get there as fast as possible. I have
already been delayed for long enough as it is!"

"Fine," I sigh grudgingly, "I will... quicken my pace. For you." So we hurry on, despite my wishes to the contrary. 

Suddenly, there is a shimmering light ahead of us and a group of goblins bursts out of the woods. One of them runs in
to a small tree, knocking it over. Another throws a rock at me, it bounces off my chest. Panicked, I check my scales
for any damage! There is none, but I quickly polish myself nonetheless, just in case. A third goblin appears as if from
nowhere and shoots an arrow in to my leg, I stumble backwards and almost fall. The goblin flashes me a cheeky grin and
runs away, hiding in a nearby bush. I limp after him. Unable to find his his exact location. Furious, I roar a violent
cloud of frost breath at the whole area. I hear the Goblin squeal as my icy attack rips through the bush, frozen leaves 
break away and shatter as they hit the ground.

The other two goblins are now standing together, for a moment it looks as if they seek to challenge us but then Audhild
transforms into a bear. In an instant, she more than doubles in size! Flesh ripples and swells as muscles stretch and
dark fur bursts forth. Nails become mighty, black claws and her teeth: viscous, gleaming fangs! The goblins slowly turn
to look at each other, then both simultaneously bolt it back towards the trees. Audhild leaps through the air and in
one swift swipe of her claws the two goblins are obliterated.

Now I am searching the foliage, I still haven't been able to track down the other goblin. The one who shot me in my
precious leg with his filthy arrow! In the distance I hear the heavy thud of charging footsteps, too heavy to be the
goblin. I look to Audhild and the two of us brace ourselves. To my surprise the goblin comes running right at us,
scared for his life! He stops abruptly as he spots us, desperately looking around him for a new path to escape. Then
I hear an inspiring and familiar sound: the roar of a Dragonborn of Gold, a proud battle-cry I have heard many times
before. My kin Dragneil emerges from the forest. 

As I step forward to greet him, the goblin runs off in to the brush while Audhild growls loudly. Dragneil raises his
shield, standing between us. I hadn't even realised for a second that he would see her as a threat. At that moment I
am struck by how amazing it is that something so strange can easily become so familiar, someone so different can become
a sworn ally and how quickly this can happen when you face death in battle and emerge victorious, together.

I quickly introduce them to one another and give Dragneil a brief summary of our recent adventures as the three of us
finally make our out of the forest and at long last step foot on the road, to Nightstone.

As we approach the town, I can see the Keep standing proudly on the horizon. The Sky-Giants' assault has clearly
wrought much devastation. Broken pieces of ruined buildings have been scattered across the town. Boulders the size of
houses sit in huge craters marking the focal points of the attack. Trees in the the surrounding area are charred black
and grotesque scorch marks stain the ground. A river winds through the centre of the town and rings the Keep, colossal
walls rising up from the murky waters. Fortunately, the town's waterwheel is still turning steadily and some of the
farmland appears to remain still fertile and strong. They will rebuild and life will go on.

From this distance, the Keep itself seems remarkably unscathed. The walls stand strong and the towers remain,
for the most part, intact. There is, however, a striking lack of people, anywhere to be seen, all must have fled as
soon as they saw the citadel floating towards them, either that or...

"Worgs!" Audhild suddenly yells out, "This way." Returning to her bear-form, she bounds off in to the distance,
heading away from the Keep and over to the far side of the town. Dragneil and I follow, swords drawn. As we round a
corner just beyond the town square we see them: two battle-scarred and hideous beasts, snarling jaws oozing with thick,
rabid foam, patchy, dark brown and grey fur bristling with feral rage and keen, sharp eyes, black as midnight and
staring at us with intense hatred.

Audhild dodges a furious swipe from the worg's claw and buries her muzzle in his throat. The creature let's out a
whimper of pain and fear as Audhild violently shakes him back and forth like a rag doll. He falls to the ground,
lifeless and his blood pools around his mangled corpse. The other worg howls with rage and charges at Audhild. Caught
off guard, she spins around just in time to find the worg's foul jaws in her face. In a flash of golden light, Dragneil
rams in to the beast, knocking her back with his shield. The worg shakes her head and gets back on to her feet, not
giving up without a fight! The two circle one another, the worg growling deeply, Dragneil hunched and ready to strike.
He raises his sword high above him, staring at the blade he recites an incantation and the sword erupts into flame. He
smiles at me, his fangs glistening in the flickering golden fire, and advances on the beast. She backs up slowly,
clearly frightened of the inferno now blazing in Dragneil's hand. He brings the blade down upon the worg, a trail of
glowing embers tearing through the sky, but at the last moment she leaps out of reach as the ground beneath her ignites
and the smell of singed fur fills the air.

The worg lands right in front of me and without even thinking I swing out my sword, cleaving her clean in two. I smile
at Dragneil and he gives me nod of approval as his sword-flame slowly dies down. "Glad to see you've still got the
moves Alezaire." he laughs. I smile proudly as I set about cleaning and polishing my blade.

Grim shadows loom above us, a storm is slowly building. Dark and ominous clouds are surrounding the Keep as an icy wind
carries the faintest drizzle of rain through the air. As we pass through the outer gates of the citadel I notice that
it actually has taken quite a bit of damage after all. The two main towers at the entrance drawbridge are in the worst
state. In fact we make my way through quite hastily, almost certain that they are likely to topple down on us at any
moment. The outer walls are all still more or less intact but there are a few of the smaller internal walls and
buildings that have been reduced to piles of rubble. All in all though, the fortifications are holding up well,
especially considering that it was so heavily bombarded barely more than a few days earlier. This place was clearly
built to stand the test of time and battle.

We pass through the main square. The local tavern is also still standing strong, looking very grand and dramatic
surrounded as it is by the nearby piles of twisted and crumbling debris that used to be people's homes and places of
business. 

Still, there is no one in sight. The whole town really does seem to be entirely deserted, abandoned by its former
residents. So then it is quite a surprise to me that, as we approach the entrance to the central fortress: a huge and
foreboding tower across another great drawbridge, a voice calls out to us, "Halt! Who goes there?" It takes a few
moments for me to locate the source of this demand but sure enough, a small contingent of crossbowmen, their figures
nothing more than a shadowy silhouettes against the grey sky, are bidding us their arrow-shaped greetings. 

Slowly, the guard who spoke first lowers his aim slightly and takes a tiny step forward as Dragneil addresses him, "We
come bearing news from the wood elves. A orc warband marches this way." 

The guard says nothing, staring at us coldly and raising his crossbow once more. Dragneil frowns with confusion, "We
mean you no harm," he raises his arms, palms open to illustrate his point, "in fact, the three of us have just defeated
a pack of worgs which it seems your defences had missed spectacularly!" He laughs brashly, turning to me to join in his
bragging. My eyes are still fixated on the arrows pointed at us. I am not in the mood to boast.

"This Keep has withstood far more than the likes of worgs and orcs of late," the guard says finally, "and here we
stand, strong as ever."

"And who are you then, to be leaping to our defence so quickly?" This voice is new, a soft, feminine lilt with just
the lightest edge of authority disguised by an overwhelming allure of sensuality. I look around me and casually make my
way to a place where the last of the dying sunlight still breaks through the clouds, ready to present my magnificence
in all its shiny glory.

"I am Dragneil!" he proclaims boldly, directing his words to each of the guards in turn, his gaze ultimately coming
to rest on the woman standing at the centre of them.  

She is human, quite fair with pale delicate skin and soft golden blonde hair. Her eyes are a strange shade of hazel
with just a hint of red that I notice glinting brightly even from this distance and in the gloomy fading light of the
gathering storm. Her stance is that of a warrior, though she wears the clothing of a common shopkeeper and while her
brown cloak and unassuming leather armour seem meagre at first glance, they define her athletic and shapely form in
quite a pleasing manner. 

"And who might you be?" She asks, suddenly seeming rather shy. At first I don't even realise that she is speaking to
me. I look her in the eyes, carefully positioning myself so the light catches my scales in just the right way. Then,
raising my arms slowly and watching her stubborn glare soften slightly as my scales gleam in the Sun. 

"I - " pause for dramatic effect, "am Alezaire." and with that I can see that she is clearly dazzled by my glorious
shininess. Finally, someone who is suitably impressed by my brilliance!

She smiles broadly and her eyes seems to study me with wondrous delight.

"I am Kella, it is quite the pleasure to meet you Alezaire." 

I can't quite tell from this distance, but I am almost certain that she is blushing. 

"I know it is." I say with a smooth smugness as I bask in her admiration.

Then out of nowhere, a wisp of sliver streaks through the air. At first I thought I might have imagined it but then,
blinking in disbelief I see it again. It appears to be some kind of fish or snake-like creature but it flies as though
it were a bird! It circles closer, meandering in a bizarre pathway which seems, not to follow air currents nor even the
creatures very own movements, but rather some other ethereal and unseen pattern beyond my understanding. As it gets
closer I can make it out much more clearly. It is a definitely some kind of snake, but none like I have ever seen.
Apart from the shimmering metallic feathers of its peculiar yet strangely fitting wings, its eyes are a deep, rich 
shade of forest green set within pale blue sockets and its skin is a kind of pearlescent white, with constantly
shifting hues of pink, green and purple beneath an overall sheen of bright and sparkling silver. It is somewhat

ntriguing, but nothing compared to me!

We all watch it circle around us and gently glide its way down to the Keep wall, finally resting on the shoulder of man
who has suddenly appeared aside Kella. He is a dark skinned half-elf with a square jaw rough jagged features. He has
hair as dark and thick as tar and thick eyebrows that give him the look of an evil sorcerer from a children's fable.

His dark eyes, which are currently staring at me with cold disdain, are the colour of charcoal. 

"I, am Xolkin Alassandar." he declares with pantomime bravado, "and I am not impressed." This last is virtually spat
with venom. His dark expression has grown even grimmer and it is clear that he will demand respect or we shall not be
allowed in, to what now seems to be his, Keep. 

Slowly, I look around to my friends. 

Dragneil looks concerned, I can tell he is still frustrated at having been ignored by Kella in the first place and I'm
sure I can sense more than a hint of murderous intent in his eyes as he looks Xolkin up and down.

Audhild seems desperate and very worried. I still have yet to discover her reasons for wanting to get here but I know
that she will be devastated if we are refused entry when we have come so close, after everything we've been through to
get here.

I look back to Kella and shoot her a quick and subtle wink, hoping that Xolkin saw. Then I turn back to him, look him
dead in the eyes and show him a thin, dismissive smile. "You're not very impressive to me either." 

I lock my glare on him and watch the fury erupt I'm his eyes. It is glorious! From the corner of my eye I notice
Kella's blush deepen as she allows herself a subtle smirk.

Xolkin actually growls at me, the side of his upper lip rising in a snarl, his nose wrinkles and his eyes become slots
of pure rage. The snake-bird on his shoulder coils tighter around his neck and opens its mouth wide to bare its sharp
fangs. I look to Dragneil who is grinning like a child with a new toy, barely containing his laughter.

Something else catches his eye. Another unnaturally winged creature, this time a cat with the feathered wings of an owl
has just landed by is feet. Dragneil's eyes widen with amazement as this cat-bird leaps in to the air ad flies off back
in to the town, to land upon the steeple of a nearby church. To my surprise, Dragneil has followed after it and is now
desperately attempting to climb the church in an effort to catch the creature.

I turn my attention back to Xolkin, who is now seething with fury. He opens his mouth to talk while beginning to
gesture as though to command his guards to fire upon us but instead it is Kella who speaks, gently placing a hand on
his shoulder. I can't make out her words but whatever she says seems to temper Xolkin's rage, slightly. He turns to her
and whispers something through gritted teeth. She points towards us and her tone becomes softer and yet more soothing.
Xolkin's shoulders slump in resignation, he waves his hand to one of the guards and marches briskly out of sight. 

Moments later, the great gates of Nightstone Keep slowly creak open.

*(note: that's the end of Chapter Two and the first instalment, hope you enjoyed it, more to follow soon...)*
